The author or authors of this work dedicate any and all copyright interest in 
this work to the public domain. We make this dedication for the benefit of the 
public at large and to the detriment of our heirs and successors. We intend this
dedication to be an overt act of relinquishment in perpetuity of all present and
future rights to this work under copyright law. 

However, as a special exception, this work is subject to the 
"Boost Software License" in case of the above dedication to the public domain is
not valid in your jurisdiction. The terms and conditions of the 
"Boost Software License" are following:

          Copyright (c) MMVI-MMXI, the WPDCC programmers team and others

  Boost Software License - Version 1.0 - August 17th, 2003

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person or organization 
obtaining a copy of the software and accompanying documentation covered by this 
license (the "Software") to use, reproduce, display, distribute, execute, and 
transmit the Software, and to prepare derivative works of the Software, and to 
permit third-parties to whom the Software is furnished to do so, all subject to 
the following:

The copyright notices in the Software and this entire statement, including the 
above license grant, this restriction and the following disclaimer, must be 
included in all copies of the Software, in whole or in part, and all derivative 
works of the Software, unless such copies or derivative works are solely in the 
form of machine-executable object code generated by a source language processor.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR 
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE 
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR ANYONE DISTRIBUTING THE SOFTWARE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES 
OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF
OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

